Where have you been?
I've been waiting for you!
Come and sit here
What are you drinking?
The usual?
There!
Here you go.
What's up?
I'll listen to your problems!
You don't have anyone but me to talk your problems with anyway, right?
Aaah
Aah, let's introduce ourselves first okay?
Those young lads over there are new here after all
I'm this place's master, Ai.
I'll be in your care.
What about you over there?
Umbrella mates?
Aah, I see!
I get it.
Cheated man and cheating man huh?
I see..
I see, I see.
You're all friendly now huh?
Eh? Why did you open this store you ask?
Hmm, well.. Honestly...
I didn't thought I'd be doing this master job but
whatever will be, will be right?
Well, you know earning money is important too so..
You probably hear this often but,
My ex-boyfriend you see
was deep in debt
I'm trying to pay the debt for him you see?
So, now here I am walking down this night life job..
and talking to you like this.
I'm sorry to make you inconvenient like that!
I easily get carried away you see,
now I'll listen to your problem,
come on tell me what's bothering you.
Aah, is that so?
You did what in your company anniversary party?
You slipped?
Ah, you did it huh.
Why are you still sulking?
You're a man so get over it!
It's been a long time too,
is it your first time failing so bad?
Did you slipped that bad?
Let me hear it then. Tell me a bad joke.
Eheheh
Nah it's okay you don't have to.
You see, there are people watching this so
it'd be easier to show
if I summarize your story so,
ok?
Using pen name?
Ah, ok ok ok
Pen name: Tsubo-san
The other day,
I was told to do stand up at our company anniversary party,
I slipped so hard.
If I remember that moment in my head,
my heart aches so bad even now
If I could I wish I could make it not happen at all.
Even though it's been a long time ago
It's the most memorable pain I had.
Ai-chan..
Can you heal my broken heart?
Please!
I see now,
well,
well, for starters, you're a grown up so set yourself right.
Can't help the fact you slipped you see,
things that are already happened
you can't do anything about it
Don't you have the next party?
For that party,
You use that chance to recover, okay?
You can just make some materials for it from now, right?
It's not a problem anyway, since you slipped
it made the next person after you to have it easy,
it's okay, really!
Everyone already accepted it anyway,
can't help it right?
Umm, so..
for you to recover the next time,
go watch some comedy show in your home
and learn from it.
Aren't there comedians who does stand up in pairs?
You know, if you do it alone..
if you slipped on the stage by yourself it kinda hurts (emotionally)
if there were two of you on stage you'd somehow can make it into a joke right?
It's okay, I'm telling you.
That working hard attitude you see,
it's important to get things done so
I like those kind of people who works hard like that too;
hard working people.
Eh, what kind of joke that won't slip you ask?
Can't help it huh, take a look at this okay?
I only going to do this once okay?
'GETS'
This is the bomb, you see!
Eh, even though it's kinda old material,
but it's kinda like, you know, something you can fit into any situation,
just try it out okay?
Just use it.
Kay?
Cheer up, now.
Work hard and eat good food,
And drop some money here,
'kay?
Also you can just practice your jokes here.
Then you would
be accustomed to slipping you see.
It won't hurt anymore right?
Ah but you see,
It's almost closing time you see..
Eh but you just came you said?
You just came in too late you see.
Come earlier next time okay?
We'll drink something too, okay?
Next time you should also try and do
a stand up, okay?
Think up a material by then, okay?
You watching this videos too,
if you have any problems, concerns, or want my advice on anything,
I'll listen to you properly so
But since I'm virtual so just send it with e-mail.
Send it to this e-mail here, okay?
(A tip: if you want to send in English, use simple English)
Take care now, since it's cold, get warmed up,
and go home, okay?
Bye bye~
[Translation notes in the comments]